  This directory is a work in progress.  But it still may be useful.
It is a stab of simplifying setting all the various colors used
by xosview.  Here is how it works:

  Xdefaults.m4:  A copy of the Xdefaults from the main source tree.  Edited
                 so that every color falls into a dozen or so categories
                 (more on this below).  This file acts as a template.

  themeName.m4:  In a nutshell all the other .m4 files are the theme
                 settings that will be applied to Xdefaults.m4 to
                 create an X resource file (.xrc) that can be loaded
                 by xrdb or xosview directly (with the -c switch).


  If you run make on this subdirectory it will create all of the .xrc files
defined in the Makefile (one per .m4 "theme" file).  You can edit
the color values found in the .m4 theme file and run make again to rebuild
the .xrc.

  A new one can be created simply by copying an existing .m4 theme file to
another name, adding it to the Makefile and then running make.  A few
sample .xpm bacground pixmap images are included as an example.

  The items defined in the .m4 files are of course in the form of m4
macros.  Nothing fancy (m4 wise) is going on and it should be obvious how
to edit them.  A quick summary:

BG1:  The background color
XPMFILE: An optional xpm background image
FONT: The font
OUTLINE: The foreground color which is mostly the outline of the meters
WARN: A color used for warnings
CRIT: A color used for critical warnings
DEAD: A color to indicate an inactive/disabled meter
# These colors are shared for all meters 
FIELD0:  The unused or meter background color
FIELD1-10: The colors of the next 10 fields
LABEL1: The color of the meter label
LABEL2: The color of the used label

  After the .xrc is created by make it is exactly the same as any other
X resource file.  So, you can copy it where ever you want and edit
it to tweak things to your exact taste.  The pixmap file names from these
examples in particular will probably need to be edited to include a full
path to where you locate the .xpm file so xosview can find it.

Have fun!

